# Fluxbox Style for Diablo 2 Analysis - Dark Theme
# This file would go to ~/.fluxbox/styles/D2Analysis inside the container

# Background
background: flat
background.color: #000000

# Window properties
window.font: fixed
window.justify: center
window.roundCorners: false

# Window title
window.title: raised gradient diagonal
window.title.color: #1a1a1a
window.title.colorTo: #2d2d2d

# Window title text
window.title.textColor: #cccccc

# Window label (focused)
window.label.focus: flat
window.label.focus.color: #404040
window.label.focus.textColor: #ffffff

# Window label (unfocused)
window.label.unfocus: flat  
window.label.unfocus.color: #2d2d2d
window.label.unfocus.textColor: #888888

# Window handle
window.handle.focus: flat
window.handle.focus.color: #404040
window.handle.unfocus: flat
window.handle.unfocus.color: #2d2d2d

# Window grip
window.grip.focus: flat
window.grip.focus.color: #404040
window.grip.unfocus: flat
window.grip.unfocus.color: #2d2d2d

# Window buttons
window.button.focus: flat
window.button.focus.color: #404040
window.button.focus.picColor: #cccccc

window.button.unfocus: flat
window.button.unfocus.color: #2d2d2d
window.button.unfocus.picColor: #666666

# Pressed button
window.button.pressed: sunken
window.button.pressed.color: #1a1a1a

# Window frame
window.frame.focusColor: #404040
window.frame.unfocusColor: #2d2d2d

# Toolbar
toolbar: flat
toolbar.color: #1a1a1a
toolbar.textColor: #cccccc
toolbar.font: fixed
toolbar.justify: center

# Toolbar buttons
toolbar.button: flat
toolbar.button.color: #2d2d2d
toolbar.button.textColor: #cccccc

toolbar.button.pressed: sunken
toolbar.button.pressed.color: #000000

# Toolbar label
toolbar.label: flat
toolbar.label.color: #404040
toolbar.label.textColor: #ffffff

# Toolbar window label
toolbar.windowLabel: flat
toolbar.windowLabel.color: #2d2d2d
toolbar.windowLabel.textColor: #cccccc

# Toolbar clock
toolbar.clock: flat
toolbar.clock.color: #404040
toolbar.clock.textColor: #ffffff

# Toolbar iconbar (empty and focused)
toolbar.iconbar.empty: flat
toolbar.iconbar.empty.color: #1a1a1a

toolbar.iconbar.focused: flat gradient diagonal
toolbar.iconbar.focused.color: #404040
toolbar.iconbar.focused.colorTo: #606060
toolbar.iconbar.focused.textColor: #ffffff

# Toolbar iconbar unfocused
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused: flat
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.color: #2d2d2d  
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.textColor: #888888

# Menu properties
menu.font: fixed
menu.title.font: fixed
menu.frame.font: fixed

# Menu title
menu.title: raised gradient diagonal
menu.title.color: #2d2d2d
menu.title.colorTo: #404040
menu.title.textColor: #ffffff
menu.title.justify: center

# Menu frame
menu.frame: flat
menu.frame.color: #1a1a1a
menu.frame.textColor: #cccccc
menu.frame.justify: left

# Menu highlight
menu.hilite: flat
menu.hilite.color: #404040
menu.hilite.textColor: #ffffff

# Menu bullet
menu.bullet: triangle
menu.bullet.position: right

# Border settings (minimal for gaming)
borderColor: #404040
borderWidth: 1
bevelWidth: 1
frameWidth: 1
handleWidth: 3

# Additional properties
*textColor: #cccccc
*font: fixed
